README.md, before:

# MagMotion

MagMotion is a colletion of monkey patches and wrappers around Cocoa Touch classes that gives them a more ruby-ish interface.

I'm toying around with this library in order to give myself a place to dump a bunch of functionality that finds its way into all the apps I've made since December 2010.

I fully expect 0 other people to use this library, so choices I make will be very opinionated.

The name MagMotion is just a combination of my last name (Maguire) and motion. It sounded cool enough.

## Monkey Patches

### CGRect

- Provide `#top`, `#bottom`, `#left`, and `#right`.

- Provide a coloured `#to_s`.

### UIColor

- Provide `#fromRGB(red, green, blue, alpha=1.0)` that accepts integer values and returns the corresponding UIColor. The default iOS implementation requires a fraction of a 255 value. `#fromRGB` handles the conversion for you.

```ruby
UIColor.fromRGB(33, 33, 33)

# is equivalent to

UIColor.colorWithRed( 33 / 255.0,
               green: 33 / 255.0,
                blue: 33 / 255.0,
               alpha: 1 )
```

### UIView

- Provide `#addSubviews` for adding multiple subviews.

```ruby
view.addSubviews(one, two, three)
```

- Provide `#top`, `#bottom`, `#left`, and `#right`.

- Provide `#updateFrame(options)` for updating specific attributes on a UIView's frame.

```ruby
view.updateFrame(x: 100, y: 100, width: 100, height: 100)
view.updateFrame(x: 50, adjustWidth: true) # Changes origin.x to 50 and size.width to 150
```

- Provide a coloured `#to_s`.

Commit message:

Provide `#setTopBorderColor(color)` and `#setBottomBorderColor(color)`

README.md, after:

# MagMotion

MagMotion is a colletion of monkey patches and wrappers around Cocoa Touch classes that gives them a more ruby-ish interface.

I'm toying around with this library in order to give myself a place to dump a bunch of functionality that finds its way into all the apps I've made since December 2010.

I fully expect 0 other people to use this library, so choices I make will be very opinionated.

The name MagMotion is just a combination of my last name (Maguire) and motion. It sounded cool enough.

## Monkey Patches

### CGRect

- Provide `#top`, `#bottom`, `#left`, and `#right`.

- Provide a coloured `#to_s`.

### UIColor

- Provide `#fromRGB(red, green, blue, alpha=1.0)` that accepts integer values and returns the corresponding UIColor. The default iOS implementation requires a fraction of a 255 value. `#fromRGB` handles the conversion for you.

```ruby
UIColor.fromRGB(33, 33, 33)

# is equivalent to

UIColor.colorWithRed( 33 / 255.0,
               green: 33 / 255.0,
                blue: 33 / 255.0,
               alpha: 1 )
```

### UIView

- Provide `#addSubviews` for adding multiple subviews.

```ruby
view.addSubviews(one, two, three)
```

- Provide `#top`, `#bottom`, `#left`, and `#right`.

- Provide `#setTopBorderColor(color)` and `#setBottomBorderColor(color)` that will place a 1 point high border on whichever side with the given color.

- Provide `#updateFrame(options)` for updating specific attributes on a UIView's frame.

```ruby
view.updateFrame(x: 100, y: 100, width: 100, height: 100)
view.updateFrame(x: 50, adjustWidth: true) # Changes origin.x to 50 and size.width to 150
```

- Provide a coloured `#to_s`.
